Tagged Integer Type description (#58)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

> [^issue] https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim/issues/5

Reviewer: this should be expunged in this PR

> Used in connection with `$class-id-type-choice /= tagged-int-type` when the class identifer is
> an integer value. The CBOR tag `#6.551` signifies the integer is to be used to idenfy a CoMID class.
> If the class definition is vendor specific, the `class-map` `vendor` field should be populated.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think there's a reason for this to be other than vendor-specific.  Also, I reckon we need to make it a bit more normative.

```suggestion
Used as a class identifier for the environment.  It is expected that the
integer value is vendor specific rather than globally meaningful.  Therefore,
the sibling `vendor` field in the `class-map` MUST be populated to define the
namespace under which the value must be understood.
```
